Add docc (#7)
PassiveLogic/differentiable-swift-examples: Sources/DifferentiableSwiftExamplesDocumentation/README.md

# Differentiable Swift Examples Documentation
`DifferentiableSwiftExamplesDocumentation` is a notherwise empty target thet includes high-level documentation about using the automatic differentiation language feature in Swift.

> The documentation content in the `DifferentiableSwiftExamples.docc` catalog is pubished on GitHub pages at https://passivelogic.github.io/DifferentiableSwiftExamples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DifferentiableSwiftExamplesDocumentation` is an otherwise empty target that includes high-level documentation about using the experimental language feature of differentiable Swift.

The documentation content in the `DifferentiableSwiftExamples.docc` catalog is published on GitHub Pages at https://passivelogic.github.io/DifferentiableSwiftExamples
```

Author: whoops thanks for spotting the typos
